Rent of incubation space not reduced for non use during pandemic
"unable to find suitable financial support to run business... as the business will generate revenues may be in 6months time 
"
Partnership proposal with a party
many mistakes done especially in Operation
Web developer cheated me a i don’t have enough technical knowledge
clients are not paying on time
"Firstly, appointing the right person for a particular job. I appointed a designer for my logo designing and liked her work too and paid her but exactly 3 days later found someone with whom I wished I could have asked him to design the logo for my company. Maybe his skills and talent would get me a unique one but to manage everything in the budget is a task for my startup. Can't explore options as I want to but yes with time I shall. 
Same is with other jobs as well..but this doesn't stop my work but just more explorations and contacts could have make few works of mine exceptional."
Running Out of Working capital due to less revenue.
small team
Our primary production machine suffered a break down due to unforeseen circumstances. The replacement part had to be shipped from the manufacturer (spare part was not handy and cannot be bought locally) affecting loss of time and decrease in productivity.
The machine to make the product is too expensive.
Managing Cash Flow
We are unable to raise money to promote our product in the market.
"We had ordered our Unit to the client to fabricate before the lockdown of COVID-19 in the month of March he had completed 90% work. In the month of July Govt has unlocked the lockdown so we had approached to the vendor to complete the remaining work, as we had paid all payment in the month of March so he was trying to avoid us to delay work as he was busy in his new deals."
"Lack of funds to run operations regularly, paying salaries & office rent"
"Problems regarding the procurement of raw material, the Latex of euphorbia royleana plants, which was hazardous to extract."
"DUe to COVID, there is a rate increase of almost all raw material and logistic cost."
Health related matters of personal and family.
The client had internal communication issues and asked us to provide more material than agreed upon.
Final investment meeting
My appraisals were out and I have got a bad rating instead of my efforts trying a new skill altogether for the company
We use to eukalyptus leaves to extaract oil from it which are the waste part of the eukalyptus tree.After the extraction of oil the leaves of eukalyptus  is use as a fuel in brick bhataa's which supplied by tractor.The cost of tracter and trolly is approx 6 to 7 lakhs.
"Not having a tech team, currently we are working with a single tech personnel"
"I have designed a PCB using EASYEDA cloud for product prototyping, and the delivery is still pending, as shipping from china have certain issues from JLCPCB so prototype release is delayed now"
There was some misunderstanding between co-founders but it has been solved through exchange of dialogue.
Due to lack of proper guidance and support we face difficulty in dealing with clients and making strategy to grow our business.
Issues on difference of opinion on product development among the founders
Material selection is undergoing some serious audits and we were caught unawares on the material gaps and are currently fixing the issue - hands-on
lin.
"As we have been operating a niche market with limited players over a period of 12 years. the customer understanding of technology and its pricing has been bleak , but trust has kept the business going. The business kept on improving as the customers provided us with more penetration with our technology products into their ecosystem. But, over a period of 12 years the market size of the education services that our customers provide shrunk at least 50 percent. All kinds of trust not only with us but every other vendor , department heads and employees started wavering. As the revenues shrunk 50 percent, but the customers agenda kept on to squeeze the same services at the lower costs as their perspective being of being overcharged. And also being to regain market share they need the same quality of services. But for us it has not been possible to provide the same services at lower costs. We kept on holding for past 4 years as we were getting a volume of business. But slowly the costs kept on taking a toll and we have understood that if we gave same quality of services double cost was required as we have already dented and squeezed our startup to unbearable extent in 4 years . Hence we started pushing for cost hikes, which our customers took all measures to pull down. At the end all our relationships have broken and we need to search for new market arenas for our superior products ."
Currently we are working on our app and web development and we contacted many vendor and one  vendor has agreed but end time they increase their charges which we couldn't pay and we have to again start the process of identifying vendors
"Our head of sales and procurement met with an accident and is indisposed. This happened when my husband was in hospital while down with COVID 19. I was already preoccupied with that and his accident created a void in the team and this happened while procurement season is about to start. However, we have built certain redundancy and junior members of the team could shoulder the responsibility."
I was at the store front & customers came with a bad mood. I was polite with her & greet her as i usually do but she act with me rudely & speak with me in bad words.
COVID crises
I'm looking for funds
We have completed the product design and done the testing phase and we have got the result of the test. it has been very difficult to get the corrected product for more testing and launching.
"As we provide 1 on 1 live online tuitions on our platform, One of our client faced some kind of problem with the faculty allotted to their child."
"Due to critical timelines we are facing difficulties in getting product delivered on time, due to which internal conflicts are occurring"
"There was a meeting scheduled at 3'o clock on Monday, I reached the venue at 2:50 and the client neither responded my calls nor did he show up. I felt cheated after investing so much of my time for the requirement analysis. making PPTs for him and in the end, he didn't bother to even pick up my calls."
Office politics
Small team size and absence of right talent
"Our optimum product demand on Low cost 
by farmers."
"I could not supply the material as per my commitment date, because of non supply of material from our vendor."
Wrong product delivered
A pump which was newly procured showed a minor malfunction.
We have partnered with Village Forest Management Committe to provide the space for setting our mini-processing unit. Now with change in leadership at District level. District forest department decided to provide the new venue and not the old which they used to give us for last 3 years.
"The fund we got to execute our project in one month but it took more than 2 months because the uncertainties we didn't gauge, So we end up having serious cash flow problems"
We were having very less working capital.
"I'm feeling that we need a few more people in our team to cope with logistics, marketing, and compliance management."
I was in the process of closing a financing round and due to novel COVID-19 regulations this could not be done in person. We had to coordinate signatures from within and outside the Netherlands and the filing of all documents got a bit complicated.
Postponing of potential investor negotiations could lead to financial difficulties towards the end of the year.
I closed down my office so I can save money by working from home.
Powersupply burned out.
A member of the company I do a project for had no time this week to finish the agreed task.
Rules of partner eligibility and cost eligibility within a granted EU subsidy
"We are developing our own platform and due to some mistakes it was down for a few days (luckily, the platform is not really used yet)."
Difficulty with online meetings
A client was not in favor of implementing some advise I gave
"Due to miscommunications, we put in much effort for a project, that gained us only a small donation."
Absence of necessary construction workers at the site
b
We were not sure if we want to focus on only one task or diversify into starting a new difficult project
people were sick
"I am teaching pupils who are between 12 and 19 years old. Sometimes they spontaneously cancel classes. I encounter this a problem since I am organizing and structuring the lessons quite well while also writing my bachelor thesis at the moment. Therefore, this causes stress for me and the business."
Lieferanten waren sehr unzuverlässig
"A client is asking for a LOGO idea. But my work is not entirely aligned with their expectations. My design concept is usually abstract and contemporary, whereas the client wanted something more commercial-looking."
My partner told me that he no longer can take responsibility for things to do for our brand. This means that i have to take everything on myself. It was also hard to feel that he is letting go in a way of something we've built together.
"Certain colleagues do not do their part in projects, causing delays and overall tensions with the coworkers"
Issues with legal documents that postpone important due dates
Manufacturing communication problems and delays.
work with other people
Lost money
The customer was not happy with he's pasta. It was an opinion problem. He said the chicken was too dry and wanted hes money back.
I had a discussion with my colleague about our working hours. We had different ideas about the time we wanted to spend in our label.
Problem: Outbreak limiting the movement of agents.
Unsuccesful sales talk with potential client
colleagues quits suddenly and leaved the company
"Customers do not abide by Corona rules must be constantly admonished that food & drinks are not to be consumed outside the cafe. In the event of a complaint, a heavy fine may be imposed."
A customer relocating half of our contracted work
I played a Video streaming concert and the people from the location secretly continued filming after the concert and wanted to publish me singing other stuff for fun without my permission. I wasn‘t sure if this was good enough.
"to have miscalculated something, Account needs to be topped up again"
Clients don't accept the common conditions of the setting.
"I had a problem when pitching the project to a potential investor. We had not yet acquired a patent for the software, as this is very difficult, and the investor misunderstood our request and offered a collaboration instead of financial aid. This made us afraid that he my raise claims."
A contact has turned down to take over the business
Due to a lack of sales we have used up a part of the capital
My customer had an allergic reaction and didn't get in touch afterwards
"Currently missing expertise in some areas, slowing down development significantly"
an assignment (speaking job) got cancelled last minute.
COVID 2nd wave hit the Netherlands. It disrupted our ability to meet up with people physically and show up to places
Corona made it slower
We had to lay off a few of our colleagues because we pivoted our core business model
Because of corona some projects had been postponed
"We negotiated with a new service provider (logistics) and although our PoC was aware of the time pressure that we had, he was not replying in time and it was very hard for me to get my information."
Co-founders long absence due to becoming a father
"A client requested last-minute changes to a project, which disrupted my schedule with my other projects, which caused delays, which inevitable cut into my free time."
Co-workers are employed and had little time to assist
Products were not cleared by customs
"When ordering the outside packaging of one of our face mask products, the manufacturer had engraved a logo different to what we specified."
"i had a screening of one of my short films, and the quality of the video was awful, therefore it was presented badly to the people watching it, which might have led to undermining my professional skills related to what i do."
"did not spend money properly, business is not operating anymore (not in last week, our business was up and running from 2016-2018)"
We ran out of products and had to stop advertising
One of our vendors did not properly tag their products for sale in our retail store.  We use this as a backup in case the product is not entered in the system.  We had technical issues where the products where not displaying properly on the system so we removed the products from the shelf and contacted the vendor for info on price so we could sell the products.  We did not hear back until the following day when the vendors business partner contacted us in anger demanding compensation for lost sales.
"As we're a young business, we're still only two people working for it, but the demands from our main client often exceed our resources."
"Employees or hard to recruit Work is produce not at a normal speed. Even if we allow over time (after 35 hours/week) employees do not accept to word more. Because we are not a essential service, we do not impose. We hope!"
Conflict with colleagues : not exacly a conflict because I didn't tell him. But after a discussion (and It happen several times) I had a feeling  that this personn had too much principles. And that hinders me from wanting to work with this personn.
The Boss thinks that I’m not legally capable to do the job
"Artwork was supplied by client, it was supposed to be sent off to printer but it was not, now we may not meet the deadline."
COVID 19
Working too hard and wanting too much. It caused me to burn out and become sick.
-
COVID
"A client from Mumbai has mishandled the equipment supplied and broken a few parts. The equipment is under warranty, while the mishandling or manual breakage is not included. A replacement of the same has to be done to retain the customers good will, while sending or visiting Mumbai from Coimbatore is risky and expensive. We have been continuously facing issues with the client due to mishandling of the equipment despite 3,4 training. 
"
Lack of Money for my startup
As I was playing music at a bar in front of a lot of people suddenly my laptop crashed and the music stopped which caused inconvenience at the party and some people went away.
